[people chattering]
[in German] Miss?
[both] Berger.
Um…
[stammers]
Wagon 2600 is…
Yes?
It's gone.
Zero Zero. come in…
[call button beeps]
[Sam. in English] Hello. Can you hear me?
[in German] This is Edward Diehl.
Manager at the Network Control Center.
Who are we talking to. please?
[Sam. in English] English.
Can you speak English?
[Edward] Yes. a little English.
Um. this is Clara Berger
from the control center.
Um. can I talk to the driver. please?
[call button beeps]
[Sam] You're talking to me now.
Do you understand?
Yes.
Okay. Clara. listen to me.
This train has been hijacked.
Okay. There are over
200 passengers on this train.
If you do not do exactly what I say.
you will put them in danger.
Do you understand what that means?
Yes. I-I-I guess so.
[in German] Who the devil is this?
[Clara. in English] Sorry.
- Who am I talking to?
- No questions. Just listen.
Can you do that. Clara?
Yes. we are listening.
Speak to the police.
There is a man that I want.
His name is John Bailey-Brown.
[supervisor speaking German]
[Clara. in English] S-Sorry.
could you repeat that. please?
John…
- John Bailey-Brown.
- [pen scratching]
He's in Germany.
The government know where he is.
Tell them to find him.
Clara?
- Clara!
- Yes. I-I will try.
No. Clara. you will not try.
Think of the passengers.
You will do exactly what I say
and you will do it quickly.
And if you do that. nobody gets hurt.
Yes?
[Clara] Yes. We'll contact the Police.
Stay there. And please don't hurt anyone.
["Kiss The Sky" playing]
♪ I hold my head up
Just enough to see the sky ♪
♪ And when we go. we won't go slow
We'll put up such a fight ♪
♪ And you will be one day
Exactly what you are ♪
♪ Just keep your head held high
Kiss your fist and touch the sky ♪
♪ Too late to keep the world from dying ♪
♪ And one day. ooh. we'll all be there ♪
♪ Yeah. yeah. yeah ♪
[song ends]
[in German] Hello? Can I help you?
Wait. please. You can't go down there…
[brass band playing "Ode to Joy"]
[band playing off-key]
[whispering indistinctly]
- [music ends]
- [phone dings]
Looks like Mr. Nelson has
somewhere he'd rather be.
What… Don't forget this.
What do you really believe
this picture shows us. Miss Thatcher?
Sam believes
this image places the fugitive.
John Bailey-Brown. in Germany.
And I believe this could be anyone.
- Well. I just think it's--
- Olivia. some advice.
Take heed from your predecessors and do
the absolute bare minimum for this man.
Mr. Nelson is in a hole
which he dug entirely for himself.
[person. in German]
Who is this "John Bailey-Brown?"
As far as we can tell.
he's a British criminal. A fugitive.
Uh-huh.
And the guy asking for him.
the hijacker. he's British too?
- [sirens wailing in distance]
- Yes.
Has anyone spoken to British Intelligence?
All agencies have been alerted.
But we need to act fast.
There has been a serious threat to life.
More serious than my daughter's band
murdering Beethoven?
They are evacuating all the stations.
But it's rush hour.
Hopefully that's the worst
that happens today.
We make everyone late for work.
[horn honks]
[sirens wailing]
[Edward] We're working on it.
Okay. the Chief of Police is inbound.
Let's get our house in order
before she arrives.
Miss Berger--
I don't understand…
Clara.
The last signal the train went through?
Rotes Rathaus?
Yes. but then it…
…vanished.
Evacuate the U5. All trains and stations.
Now.
The rest of you. Max. the U8. Sabine?
- Sabine. the U7.
- [Sabine speaks German]
And so on.
We hold all trains.
but we don't crash the whole network.
We don't want mass panic.
Clara.
If he contacts you again. you call me.
Where are you going?
To find your disappearing train.
[speaking German]
[passenger. in English] Where are we?
I actually don't know.
[passenger 2] George?
Are you breathing okay?
Rebecca's given you her drink.
Sir. isn't it his fault
the train's stopped?
[teacher] Thank you. Rebecca. Very kind.
- We're stuck down here. aren't we?
- We're not. We're moving shortly.
- It's been. like. five minutes.
- It's been nine minutes.
You need to talk to them.
What? Me? No.
No. No. no. no. They're…
They're your hostages.
You're the driver.
You're who they expect to hear.
This will all be a lot easier…
if they're kept in the dark. Okay?
Trust me.
Nothing on the U-Bahn socials.
Should we go ask someone?
I'm sure it's fine.
He should've updated us.
Or she. They.
So what I was thinking is.
why don't we just skip the museum
and go straight to the walking tour?
Sure. whatever.
Do you want your scarf back?
- [teacher] My scarf?
- [teacher 2] Mm-hmm.
[teacher] I wanted you to keep it.
[teacher 2] Hmm. thank you very much.
Smells of you.
[PA beeps]
[driver speaks German]
[Rebecca. in English] Sir?
Sir. what… what's he saying?
Well. that's why you should be
practicing your German.
- Really?
- [driver speaking German]
[in English]
Due to ongoing service problems.
this train is unable to stop
at all stations.
[continues speaking in German]
[in English] Currently being held
at a red signal.
[driver continues in German]
[teacher. in English]
We should be moving again shortly.
- [PA beeps]
- Very good.
[Olivia] Sam. where are you?
Listen. I know you came
all the way from London.
but it took me weeks
to set this meeting up.
Just call me as soon as you can. okay?
How did it go with Nelson?
He stood me up.
Hmm. Might have a good excuse.
There's delays all over the U-Bahn.
Terror incident of some kind.
[driver. in German] Control.
this is Wagon 2637. What's going on?
Evacuate your train. That's an order.
And stay off this channel.
[PA. in English] Ladies and gentlemen.
this station is closed.
Please head to the nearest exit.
[PA speaking German]
[guard. in English] Um. it's very cold.
but. um. Berlin is a very walkable city.
And we will be back up and running later.
[in German] I doubt it.
How come?
What's going on?
I'm hearing there's a driver
in serious trouble.
On this line?
[Sam. in English] Okay. we're all set…
Let's get going.
Okay.
[controls buzzing]
[speaks German]
- [buzzing stops]
- [Sam. in English] What is it?
[sighs] Fuck.
Otto?
It's the. um… the emergency brake alarm.
Someone pulled it.
We can't move until it's reset.
Wh-Why did they pull the alarm? Why?
Because I skipped stations.
Exactly. all right?
Your problem. You fucking fix it.
Because if you don't get this train moving
before they find us. then we're dead.
Hey.
Don't speak to anyone.
Okay.
No. I'm serious. okay? Just remember
what I said to the control center.
If people do exactly what I say.
nobody gets hurt.
All right.
[whispers] Speak to no one.
[elevator bell dings]
[supervisor speaking in German]
[mutters]
Edward Diehl. network manager.
[officer] Good day.
What's happening with this train?
We have the U5 locked down and
the rest of the network is on hold.
Good.
There's only a few more stations
on the line.
There's only so far he can go. yes?
…yes.
You do know where the train is. Mr. Diehl?
This map is simplified.
In reality. down there it's…
[sighs] …a labyrinth.
[sighs]
Who has been speaking to him?
Clara Berger.
- Good day.
- Hello.
You deal with a lot of these?
It's my second week here.
[sighs]
Then let's hear what this guy has to say.
[students laughing]
[student chuckles] Wait. wait.
Have you seen this one?
[teacher] It's okay. You're doing
the right thing. It's okay.
Don't worry.
[speaks German]
[in English] Uh. emergency alarm?
Yeah. Of course.
Sorry about that. Come on.
- Well done. George.
- Shut up. Rebecca.
- Sir. he just told me to shut up.
- That's enough. Rebecca! Enough!
- Stop it.
- It's George's fault.
- We didn't even do anything.
- Enough!
Move out of the way.
Let the driver do his job.
- Now! Yes?
- Colin.
[alarm beeping]
- [buzzes]
- [brakes disengage]
[sighs]
[in German] Hey. Driver?
What's the hold up?
- Hello?
- [in English] It's all good. mate.
- He just reset the alarm.
- Nothing is all good. mate.
Some of us have places to be.
[in German] Hey. Driver?
[Colin. in English] I'm sure
we're gonna get going shortly.
[passenger 3] See. some of us
have actual jobs. all right?
[Clara] Wagon 2600. this is Control.
The police are here.
They're ready to talk.
[passenger 3. in German]
Excuse me. Driver?
Is everything all right?
You're bleeding.
[in English] Seriously.
what happened to your face?
[in German] Sorry?
[in English] Your face?
[Clara] Zero Zero. come in.
[in German] You have a cut.
[Clara speaks German]
[Sam. in English] Need this?
Your cab was… was open.
Oh. thank you.
[in German] What about the driver?
Can we talk to him?
Otto. are you there?
[in English] Zero Zero. come in.
Sounds like you're needed.
[Clara. in German]
Zero Zero. why aren't you answering?
[in English] Yes.
Maybe you could come with me
- to give me a hand with this?
- Me?
- [Otto] Mm-hmm.
- What's going on with them?
[Sam] Yeah.
Um. yeah.
[in German]
Wishing you a pleasant onward journey.
[student 1] What did he say?
- [student 2] I have no idea.
- [student 1] Sir. what did he say?
[Clara. in German]
Zero Zero. can you hear me?
Why aren't you answering?
[Sam. in English] Go ahead.
- Which button do I press? This one?
- This one.
Okay.
Um…
[in English] This is Ada Winter.
I am head of
the Bundespolizei here in Berlin.
Who am I talking to. please?
There is only one name
that is important today.
That is John Bailey-Brown.
Where is he?
We will get you an answer.
In the meantime. can you at least
tell me if the driver is okay?
Are any of the passengers injured?
Right now. they are fine.
Just get me what I need.
[Ada] I give you my word. we will do
everything we can to locate him.
Okay. let me help you.
He's here. in Germany.
Track him down and send me proof.
If you could tell us who you are.
I'm sure we can find
- a very quick solution.
- I need his exact location or people die.
[in German] What's he doing here?
- [in English] We're driving.
- [student 1] Finally.
Yeah.
See? It's all good.
Lukas? Lukas?
[mutters]
We're moving.
This is good. right? It's what you wanted.
Yeah.
And the Control Center. the police.
they're doing everything you asked for.
Yeah.
So why keep threatening people?
You knew what was involved
when you took the money.
[sighs]
Just hope no one needs to get hurt.
Me too.
[panting]
[line ringing]
[intercom dings]
- [announcer speaking on PA]
- [phone buzzes]
- Hi.
- [Marsha] Did you send me flowers?
Flowers? No.
Flowers arrived.
Marsha Nelson. No sender.
Not me. Um. I thought about
- sending you flowers but--
- No. That… [sighs]
That's not what I meant.
Wait. Marsha Nelson.
Was it Sam?
Doubt it.
We haven't spoken in months.
Well. maybe that's why
he's sending you flowers.
Maybe.
I'm thinking about you today.
I tried you earlier.
but I couldn't get through.
No signal at the bothy. remember?
It was sort of the point.
Right. And you're sure
you're okay up there?
I'm fine. It's really peaceful here.
It's exactly what I needed.
Time to reflect.
I'll see you tomorrow.
Yeah. okay. Love you.
Love you.
[bell tolling]
Mr. Faber.
I got here as quickly as I could.
You almost beat me.
Look. there's clearly a UK angle here.
but it's your jurisdiction.
And as I said to your boss.
if there's any information I can share.
any insight I can provide.
well…
well. then I'll be right here.
[in German] Wait. I'll take that.
[investigator] Detective Beck.
In the toilet?
[investigator] Yes.
[dialing]
[line rings]
[vacuum cleaner whirring]
- [phone buzzing]
- [whirring ends]
HELLO.
MR. NELSON
[in English] John Bailey-Brown
hasn't been seen
since the Kingdom Airlines thing.
So he is missing?
Yes.
But I'd be surprised
if he ended up in Germany.
This hijacker of yours seems to disagree.
He's not my hijacker.
Oh. he's British though.
Yes. I'm afraid
that doesn't really narrow it down.
The good news is that
everyone leaves a trail.
So whoever this man is.
eventually we'll identify him.
But right now we are nowhere.
Much like your train.
Actually. maybe not.
[in German] He's heading on to the U8.
[Ada] The U8? How is that possible?
[Edward] Miss Berger will explain.
[in English] You see where
the U5 meets the U8 at Alexanderplatz?
- [Ada] Mm-hmm.
- You can't change here.
Yes. you can.
If you're a passenger. yes.
But not if you're a train.
It's an old maintenance tunnel.
It was flooded 20 years ago.
so they closed it.
The old points are
just beyond Rotes Rathaus.
exactly where the train disappeared.
- [Edward] He's here.
- [Ada] So he's making his own route?
Where will he go next?
We need to evacuate the whole network.
Already on it. We're just moving
the last few trains out of his path.
Good.
Sorry. this isn't my specific area
of expertise.
But did you say
move the trains out of his path?
- [station staff speaking in German]
- [passengers chattering]
Excuse me. you're the last ones…
…you need to leave. please.
[speaking German]
That's it. That's all of them. Thanks.
[Max] All station managers be advised.
Please report to Alexanderplatz
to assist with evacuation.
Copy that. Control. I can attend.
The U5. yes?
No. U8.
[tense music playing]
- [device buzzes]
- Graham.
- Thatcher.
- The thing on the U-Bahn?
Yeah. We'll brief political section
when we can.
Right. Uh. just quickly.
are there any UK citizens caught up in it?
- [sighs] Come on. You know the drill.
- There must be some connection
or all you suits from SIS
wouldn't be crammed in there together.
Okay. Let's just say there are
no British victims being reported.
[worker] London's waiting on the line.
[Graham] Okay. everyone.
Let's get started.
[in German] Okay. Clara.
Stick to the script.
We can hear everything
between you and the train…
…and we'll step in if you need us.
Understood?
Understood.
Good.
[in English] It's a huge risk
to provoke him like this.
A mobile situation is even riskier.
This will give us control.
This will give us time.
[Edward speaking German]
[in English] There he is.
[Ada. in German] Good job.
- [Sam. in English] What are you doing?
- Look.
[steam hisses]
[Sam] Seriously?
Clara. I thought we had an understanding.
[Clara] We do.
So what the hell are you doing?
The train in front of you is broken down.
We are trying to move it.
Let me figure out how long
the engineering team will take.
[in German]
GSG9 can be on site in 15 minutes.
[sighs]
[in English] We send armed units
down there blind.
we are risking passengers' lives.
Okay. Get GSG9 on-site.
But they do not engage until I say so.
Mr. Faber…
Fifteen minutes. That's how long you have
to get me something solid on this guy.
[in German] Yes. okay. Copy that.
Let's go.
[operatives speaking German]
To Alexanderplatz.
[sirens wailing]
And what are we telling them?
Well. we tell them the same lies
that we're being told.
Go on.
[intercom dings]
[Otto speaking German]
[passenger 3. in English]
"A train blocking the line up ahead"?
How much of this bullshit
do they expect us to swallow?
- [Otto continues in German]
- [passengers chattering]
[intercom dings]
[in English] What is that?
- What do you mean?
- That. There. That doorway?
It's nothing. It's a Schaltraum.
The-The room for
all the switches and so on.
And the cameras?
[Otto. in German] Yes.
[in English] But it leads into the station
and-and up to the street.
- so we could go through and--
- No. We're not going anywhere. Otto.
Have you got a portable radio?
[sighs]
Okay.
Can you keep an eye on my bike?
I'm going to speak to the driver.
What? Why?
[passenger 3] Because someone's
not telling the truth.
[Otto] Okay. We should be able to see
the whole station from here.
[Sam] Good.
[announcer] Ladies and gentlemen.
this station is closed.
Please head to the nearest exit.
[announcer speaking German]
- [knocks on door]
- [in German] Hello.
[knocking continues]
Hello. Driver?
[Otto. in English] Look. You were right.
[sighs]
There's no one there.
You want this?
Clara. you lied to me about the train.
[stammers] No.
Um… Engineers are on-site.
But it's going
to take another ten minutes or so.
[Sam] No.
There are no engineers. are there?
Hmm? You-You broke our deal.
Put Winter on.
This is Winter.
I know what you're doing.
You're gonna get people killed.
We are doing everything we can
to move the train.
Stop lying to me.
Please. talk to us.
We want to help you here.
Let the passengers go.
Not until I get what I want.
Listen. We are looking into it.
Why would I listen to you
when you're not being honest with me?
Move that train.
[Ada] So much for buying us time…
We can still end this.
You don't have any updates for me. do you?
Like I said. it's your jurisdiction.
I'm just here to support.
[passenger 3. in German]
Hello? Why are you lying to us?
Hey!
Hello?
Why have we stopped again?
I've already announced that.
Please go back to your seat.
Wasn't that British guy
going to patch you up?
[Winter. in English]
This is Polizeipräsidentin Winter.
You are right.
We're keeping you in the tunnel.
We're working on your demands.
but we cannot jeopardize
the safety of your hostages.
Hostages?
[hip-hop music playing on headphones]
[student] Becs. check this one out.
It's so good. I mean. seriously.
[Rebecca] My taste is proper vintage.
- Yeah.
- Like early Eminem.
[grunts]
You're a smart man. okay?
Don't make this any more difficult
than it needs to be!
Don't fuck with me. Sit down.
[breathing shakily]
Hey. This is getting out of hand.
Is this man you're asking for
worth all this?
Yes. he is. Now stay over there.
Okay. we're in a stalemate here. Winter.
Keeping me here like this is not good.
I just want to keep everyone safe.
Well. shift that train.
I told you.
I can't put any more people in danger.
Well. it's exactly what you have done.
And when people start dying.
it will be your fault.
[chickens clucking]
[sirens wailing]
[operative speaks German]
We're two minutes out from Alexanderplatz.
Get ready.
[Sam. in English] We have a different
priority now. If we stay here. we're dead.
Take this off. Take your belt off.
Put your arms out.
Out!
[passenger 3 breathing shakily]
What are we doing? I don't understand.
Hold it.
Why? What's in it?
What's in it?
This is madness.
What are you going to do with him?
Otto. if you play your part.
I'll play mine.
Okay?
Hey.
No sudden moves.
Why?
What's in here?
What are you doing?
Okay. Winter. I'm gonna send
a passenger down to the next platform.
He has a briefcase with him.
Okay.
What's in the briefcase?
If you do not shift that train
by 11:00 a.m..
you will find out.
So now he's threatening
to blow up innocent civilians.
It's time to take him out.
I didn't want to escalate this.
If you'll forgive me.
that particular train
has left the station.
[sirens wailing]
[commander. in German]
We've arrived at Alexanderplatz.
[in English] Here. Bobby just texted.
"Can't get on the U-Bahn.
Security incident."
[Mei] What did you say?
My. uh… My mate just texted.
He just said he can't get on the U-Bahn
because there's been
some sort of security incident.
He hasn't said anything else
so I don't actually have
anything more to give you guys.
[Sam] Okay.
You're gonna head down to the platform.
You're gonna hold this out.
where it can be seen
by as many cameras as possible.
We'll be here watching you.
Can you do that. Freddie?
Hmm?
[breathes shakily]
Do I have a choice?
Yeah.
You can stay here
and risk the lives of 200.
Or you can go down there
and risk only your own.
[breathes shakily]
[breathing shakily continues]
[sighs]
[announcer on PA speaks German]
And what if they don't give you
what you want?
We'll just have to make sure we're ready.
I understand you have
some important information.
Yes.
Right. Yes. Um…
I think I know someone on the train.
A UK citizen.
Oh. friends and family is really something
for the Embassy to be dealing with.
I'm from the Embassy.
Okay. Well. right now I'm. uh.
I'm busy with
the British Intelligence response.
[Olivia] So you already know then?
Who the hijacker is?
[Sam] Go on.
[announcer speaking German]
[Edward. in German] There's
the passenger. he has the briefcase.
[in English] You're going
to kill an innocent man.
No. you are.
Move the train.
[announcer. in English]
Ladies and gentlemen.
this station is closed.
Please head to the nearest exit.
[announcer speaking German]
[sirens wailing in distance]
[Ada]
So we just let this guy go up in smoke?
Maybe we should just move the train.
A strike is our only option.
[sighs]
Send them in.
[officer] Engage.
Understood.
We've got eyes on the passenger.
No sign of the target.
[in English] Winter.
I know what you're doing.
If your men take one more step
into the station. it's game over.
[Ada. in German] How is he seeing this?
[Sam. in English] Do you copy?
[in German] Fall back.
Back.
[manager] Excuse me?
We are evacuating this station.
[officer] Stop.
Hold position.
[manager] Did you hear what I just said?
[in English] Who's this now? Winter?
[in German] Well. who is that?
That's one of our station managers.
[Ada] I thought we had it locked down!
[shouts]
[Sam. in English] Winter.
you are putting people's lives at risk.
Get her out of there.
We are working on it.
[in German] Help me.
Get this off me. [breathing shakily]
[manager] Why? What's in there?
[officer] Don't move. He has a bomb!
[manager] What?
[officer speaks German]
Cover him. I'll go for her.
[in English] What it's to be. Winter?
Zero Zero.
You know my name. but I don't know yours.
Don't try to negotiate with me.
[stammers] It's Sam.
His name is Sam Nelson.
That's who you're talking to.
[in German] Please.
Help me.
[officer] Don't move!
Come here.
Come to me.
[in English] Please don't do this.
Sam.
What the fuck?
It's Sam. isn't it?
Are you there?
Sam. are you there?
Sam. please.
We know who you are.
and we can figure this out.
[gasps]
[in German] Come. come. come. Let's move.
[Freddie] Don't go.
Don't go.
Everyone with me. Pull back.
[speaks German]
[Ada. in English] Are you there?
Sam. please. are you there?
Sam?
Forty-five seconds.
[in German] Help!
Help!
- [officer speaks German]
- [sirens wailing]
[in English] Thirty seconds.
I didn't wanna do this.
[all gasping]
TECHNICAL FAULT
[sighs]
[high-pitched tone]
["Boom Boom" playing]
♪ Boom. boom. boom. boom ♪
♪ I'm gonna shoot you right down ♪
♪ Right off your feet ♪
♪ Take you home with me ♪
♪ Put you in my house ♪
♪ Boom. boom. boom. boom ♪
♪ Ow how how how ♪
♪ Mm hm hm hm ♪
♪ Once you walk that walk ♪
♪ And talk that talk ♪
♪ And whisper in my ear ♪
♪ Tell me that you love me ♪
♪ I love that talk ♪
♪ When you talk like that ♪
♪ You knock me out ♪
♪ Right off my feet ♪